docs(conventions) : fix docs (#512)
Vonage/vivid-3: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## What do I need to know to help?

If you are interested in making a code contribution you should read our [conventions guidelines](../docs/conventions/readme.md) before you start.

## How do I make a contribution?

Never made an open source contribution before? Wondering how contributions work in the in our project? Here's a quick rundown!

- Fork the repository and clone it to your local machine

- Create a new branch for your issue `git checkout -b branch-name-here`

- Run `npm install`

- Building and developing the documentation:
  - Development: `npx nx run docs:serve` or `npm start`
  - Build: `npx run build docs`

- Building and developing the components:
  - Unit Tests
    - `npx nx run components:test` to start the tests or `npm test`
    - `npx nx run components:test --watch` to start the tests in watch mode
    - `npx nx run components:test --coverage` to start the tests with coverage report (generated in the `coverage` folder)
  - Visual tests: see the [ui-tests documentation](../docs/ui-tests/readme.md)

>   - Build: `npx run build components`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Build: `npx nx run build components`
```

> - Once you are done developing the change commit your changes with a meaningful commit message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once you are done developing the change, commit your changes with a meaningful commit message
```

- We are using `beachball` in order to document changes:

>   - run: `npx beachball change` or `npm run change` . This will generate and commit change files. It will prompt you for some answers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - run: `npx beachball change` or `npm run change` . You will be prompted to describe your change. Once you do, change files will be generated and commited.
```

### Guiding principles to consider when introducing changes

- Align to Vivid design language

> - Guarantee contribution does not produce WCAG violations (both in design & engineering)

Reviewer: Don't we have tests for that?
```suggestion
- Make sure (as much as you can) contribution does not produce WCAG violations (both in design & engineering)
```

- Ensure user interaction with changes correspond to all types of users (e.g., keyboard, mouse, touch, assistive technology, etc.)

> - Refer precedent components/features of valid libraries, which are compliant with UX and a11y guidelines ([Carbon](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/overview/) - IBM, [Spectrum](https://spectrum.adobe.com/) - Adobe, [Material](https://material.io/components?platform=web) - Google, [Garden](https://garden.zendesk.com/) - Zendesk, [Lightning](https://www.lightningdesignsystem.com/) - Salesforce, [BBC](https://www.bbc.co.uk/gel/guidelines/category/design-patterns), etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to components/features of valid libraries, which are compliant with UX and a11y guidelines ([Carbon](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/overview/) - IBM, [Spectrum](https://spectrum.adobe.com/) - Adobe, [Material](https://material.io/components?platform=web) - Google, [Garden](https://garden.zendesk.com/) - Zendesk, [Lightning](https://www.lightningdesignsystem.com/) - Salesforce, [BBC](https://www.bbc.co.uk/gel/guidelines/category/design-patterns), etc.)
```
```suggestion
- Refer precedent components/features of valid libraries, which are compliant with UX and a11y guidelines ([Carbon](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/overview/) - IBM, [Spectrum](https://spectrum.adobe.com/) - Adobe, [Material](https://material.io/components?platform=web) - Google, [Garden](https://garden.zendesk.com/) - Zendesk, [Lightning](https://www.lightningdesignsystem.com/) - Salesforce, [BBC](https://www.bbc.co.uk/gel/guidelines/category/design-patterns), etc.)
```
